Clarify instructions in practice section of DOM Manipulation and Events (#23254)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/DOM_manipulation_and_events.md

Manipulating web pages is the primary benefit of the JavaScript language! These techniques are things that you are likely to be messing with _every day_ as a front-end developer, so let's practice!

> 1. Grab the first exercise in Wes Bos's JavaScript30 program by cloning the repo at [https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30). Follow the [Video Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuN8qwZoego) by coding along. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Grab the first exercise in Wes Bos's JavaScript30 program by cloning the repo at [https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30](https://github.com/wesbos/JavaScript30). Code along with the [Video Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuN8qwZoego) to build the rest of the exercise. 
```
Suggested rephrasing that I think flows a bit better.
